NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[TAPPING]
[KING SIGHS]
Do you have to knit?
I like knitting.
It's my hobby.
Why does it have to be
so noisy?
Someone's a bit grumpy.
I'm not grumpy.
I'm bored.
Maybe
you should have a hobby.
Like stamp collecting.
What's stamp collecting?
You collect stamps
and put them in a book.
Why would anyone
want to do that?
How about train spotting?
You look at trains
and write down their numbers
in a book.
No one
would want to do that.
Or there's bird spotting?
Don't tell me.
I look at birds
and write them down in a book.
Yes,
something like that.
I love birds.
Please try it, Daddy.
[SIGHS]
Okay. What do I do?
You'll need binoculars,
a bird spotter's badge,
and, of course,
a book.
Welcome to the world
of bird spotting.
Look for birds,
then tick 'em off in this book.
All right,
I'll give it a go.
[BIRD CHIRPING]
Oh, a bird.
What sort of bird is it,
Daddy?
Um...
BOOK:
It's a robin.
KING:
Yes, a robin.
And I spotted it.
This is rather fun.
Oh, there's another bird.
What does it look like?
Um,
it's got a long, pointy beak.
BOOK:
Oh, it's a woodpecker.
A very special bird.
Can I have a look, Daddy?
Yes, Holly.
Ooh, the woodpecker's landed
on the Great Elf Tree.
[MUNCHING]
Orange juice, Ben?
Yes, please, Mom.
[RUMBLING]
ALL:
Aah!
Quick, everyone out.
It's an earthquake.
ALL:
It's an earthquake!
[BLOWS HORN]
It's not an earthquake.
ALL:
Phew.
It's worse
than an earthquake.
It's a woodpecker.
ALL:
Ooh.
It's smashing the tree.
MR. ELF:
It's made a hole.
MRS. ELF:
It's got inside.
[♪♪♪]
Argh.
It's not in my flat.
[♪♪♪]
Phew.
It's not in my flat.
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
Our door's stuck.
Here, son, let me try.
[GRUNTING]
I believe
we have found the bird.
Everybody, keep calm
and don't panic.
[SQUAWKS]
[SCREAMS]
Everybody out!
Run for your lives!
ALL:
Aah!
Hello, Ben.
Hello, Holly.
We've got a bird
in our tree.
Yes. I saw it first.
It's a woodpecker.
That's correct.
I didn't realize Your Majesty
was interested in birds.
Oh, yes.
I'm a bird spotter.
Here's my badge.
Then it's very good
you turned up.
We need all the help
we can get.
Take me to the bird.
Oh, thank goodness you're here,
Your Majesty.
The woodpecker
is in our home.
It's building a nest.
And soon there'll be eggs.
And when they hatch,
there'll be
baby woodpecker chicks.
And baby woodpecker chicks
are extremely rare to spot.
Fantastic.
When they hatch, I can come back
and tick them off in my book.
It's got to go. Now.
Before it lays its eggs.
It can't go.
I want to spot
the chicks.
This tree is for elves,
not for woodpeckers.
No nesting creature
shall be disturbed.
That's the law.
Is it?
Uh, it is now.
By royal command.
Oh, it's in writing.
We'll have to obey it.
Elves never break the law.
ELVES:
And we're elves.
Splendid.
That's that sorted.
Can I stay and look
at the woodpecker with Ben?
Yes, Holly. I've got
more bird spotting to do.
[NANNY SCATTING]
There. All nice and tidy.
Aah. what's this?
It's just birdseed, Nanny.
I'm trying to attract
some rare birds.
Don't sweep it up.
Are you sure, Your Majesty?
We don't want to attract
a mouse.
Look, Holly, eggs.
Aah,
they're hatching.
BEN:
Baby birds.
[CHIRPING]
Hello.
I'm Ben and this is Holly.
Aw,
they're so sweet.
Hm. They'd be a lot sweeter
if they weren't in our home.
[CHIRPING]
They're going.
I think
they're trying to fly.
But they can't fly.
I can teach them.
Fairies are good at flying.
And I'm a fairy.
[TINKLING]
[GIGGLES]
Okay, baby birds,
just copy me.
Flying is easy-peasy.
Oh, they're not copying me.
Maybe we should start
with something simpler.
How did you learn to fly?
I've been flying
since I was a baby.
I can't remember
my first flying lesson.
Hm.
Let's begin with flapping.
Like this:
Hee-hee-hee,
they're copying you, Ben.
Now flap faster.
Now jump.
[CHIRPING]
They're flying.
Clever, Ben.
You taught them to fly,
even though
you can't fly yourself.
[CHIRPING]
BOTH:
Bye-bye, birds.
There they go.
Goodbye, little ones.
Oh,
don't say you miss them now.
No. I've just got something
in my eye.
Have the chicks hatched yet?
I want to tick them off
in my book.
They've flown away,
Daddy.
I taught them
how to fly.
Oh.
Baby woodpecker chicks
are a once in a lifetime
sight
for a bird spotter.
But you missed them.
It's not fair.
Now I'm not going
to spot anything good.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
King Thistle,
we've got a strange nest
in the castle.
A nest?
I'll be there straightaway.
[♪♪♪]
Nanny, where's the nest?
It's in the middle
of my kitchen. It's a--
Don't tell me, Nanny.
I want to be the one
to spot it.
Wow, that's a big nest.
It can't stay
in my kitchen.
Nanny Plum, my law says
"no nesting creature
may be disturbed."
But it's a ra--
Shush, Nanny.
This is my hobby, not yours.
I'll name it.
Whoa, it's got beady eyes.
Beady eyes?
Hm. It could be
the beady-eyed blackbird.
Aha, that sounds rare.
Aah! It's got whiskers.
Whiskers? Ah.
It could be
the whiskered thrush.
And it's got a long,
scaly tail.
A scaly tail?
This bird is so rare,
I don't even know it.
I've discovered a new bird.
It shall be named
the King Thistle Bird.
If you say so, Your Majesty.
But I don't want that filthy,
smelly rodent in my kitchen.
Nanny Plum, that's no way
to talk about
the King Thistle Bird.
We must let it lay its eggs
in peace.
I don't think rats lay eggs.
Rats?
[SQUEAKS]
ALL:
Aah! A rat!
Ah, you've got rats.
Get rid of it.
Yes. Shoo, shoo. Get out of
here, you filthy rat.
[SQUEAKS]
No, Your Majesty.
The King Thistle Bird
must be allowed to stay.
What?
Your law says,
no nesting animal
may be disturbed.
Did I say that?
Yes, Daddy.
Well, um, maybe the law
should say, um, uh...
Let me see this law.
You see, it's in writing.
There's nothing we can do
about it.
As Queen, I declare
this silly law abolished.
[ALL GASP]
Now, get this rat
out of my castle.
Um, Nanny Plum,
you speak rat.
Tell it to leave,
please.
Now,
what's rat for "please leave"?
Oh, yes. Ahem.
Get out of my kitchen!
[SQUEAKS THEN CRIES]
HOLLY:
Oh, Nanny.
You've hurt
a rat's feelings.
I think
I can live with that.
[TAPPING]
[SIGHS]
Why does knitting
have to be so noisy?
[RUMBLING]
What?
Daddy, it's brilliant.
The baby woodpeckers
are here.
Now you can tick them off
in your book.
Ah, yes. Lovely.
Honestly, darling, why do you
have to have such a noisy hobby?
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Little Castle.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
DAISY & POPPY:
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up.
[DAISY & POPPY GIGGLING]
BOTH: Giddy up, giddy up.
Daisy, Poppy,
don't ride your hobby horses
on the breakfast table.
BOTH: Oh.
I'm sorry, Your Majesty.
The twins really like ponies
at the moment.
Hm.
They really want a pet.
And ponies are lovely pets.
So pretty and cuddly.
And they've got
long, swishy tails to brush.
Daisy and Poppy
would so love a pony.
BOTH:
Pony, pony.
Goodness me, no.
Ponies are ginormous.
And Daisy and Poppy
are tiny fairies.
No pony.
[BOTH CRYING]
Maybe the princesses
could have another sort of pet.
BOTH:
Pet, pet, pet.
I can magic them up a harmless,
fluffy little pet.
Wait a minute.
Pets need looking after.
Who's going to do
all the cleaning up?
The twins can.
BOTH:
We will. We promise.
Okay.
But please make it
a sensible pet, Nanny.
Not a dragon or a dinosaur.
Of course, Your Majesty.
[SIGHS]
I've got a bad feeling
about this.
Don't worry, darling.
Nanny Plum knows
what she's doing.
I've got a very bad feeling
about this.
Here we are,
The Magical Fairy Library.
Now,
let's find a book on pets.
Mm. A tiger?
BOTH:
Tiger, tiger.
No. Too big.
BOTH:
Oh. Tiger.
Hm. A snake?
BOTH:
Snakey, snakey.
No. Too wiggly.
BOTH:
Oh. Wiggly snakey.
An alligator?
BOTH:
Alligator. Alligator.
NANNY:
No. Too many teeth.
BOTH:
Oh. Alligator.
Ah. Here we go.
The perfect little pet.
A hamster.
BOTH:
Hamster. Hamster.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
I wonder what pet Nanny
has magicked up
for Daisy and Poppy.
As long as it's small,
I don't care.
Ahem. May I present the
princesses' new pet. Pippin.
[STOMPING]
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Giddy up, Pippin.
Giddy up, giddy up.
Aah! A rat.
No, Your Majesty.
Pippin is a lovely
little hamster.
[PIPPIN SQUEAKS]
How sweet.
[SNIFFS]
[SCREAMS THEN GRUNTS]
Pippin likes you, Daddy.
[BURPS]
[COUGHS]
Aw.
It is cute, isn't it?
"Cute" isn't quite the word
I had in mind.
[SQUEAKS]
I think it'd be, um, happier
if it lived outside.
Very well.
Back. Back, Pippin.
[SQUEAKS]
They're fine as long as you
don't show you're afraid.
[SQUEAKS]
Back, Pippin.
Back, Pippin. Back.
[SQUEAKING]
There, Pippin.
Welcome to the courtyard,
your new home.
I hope Pippin won't be bored
living here.
We'll give Pippin some toys.
And hamsters
like lots of straw.
[SQUEAKING]
Can we give Pippin
something to eat, Nanny?
BOTH:
Foody, foody.
Yes. And a drink.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Aw. That should make Pippin
feel at home.
[SQUEAKS]
[BURPS THEN SQUEAKS]
Aah. Why is the courtyard
full of straw?
It's for your hamster,
Your Majesty.
My hamster?
Ha-ha-ha. It's funny.
The courtyard
looks just like a hamster cage.
Yes, very amusing.
[PIPPIN SQUEAKS]
Why does it have to run about
so much?
Hamsters like
running about.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hi, Ben. Hi, Gaston.
Hi, Ho-- Ugh.
Oh, no. Pippin's run away.
Oh. Um, how sad.
How terribly sad.
BOTH:
Pippin. Pippin.
We've lost Pippin.
What a dreadful turn
of events.
Pippin's gone. Gone forever.
Wait, King Thistle,
I can get your hamster back.
Uh,
don't trouble yourself, Ben.
It's no trouble.
Elves are good
at rounding up hamsters.
And I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
Ready, Gaston?
[BARKS]
[WHISTLES]
[BARKS THEN PANTS]
[BARKS]
[SQUEAKS]
Oof.
Pippin's back, King Thistle,
safe and sound.
Uh, thank you, Ben.
[SQUEAKING]
Let's close the cage door
before Pippin escapes again.
[SQUEAKS]
Does it ever go to sleep?
Uh, maybe when it's tired.
And how do we make it tired?
Let's ask the Wise Old Elf.
He knows everything.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello.
Wise Old Elf speaking.
How do you make
a hamster tired?
Hamster?
Oof. The King's pet hamster.
We need to make it tired.
Ah, I see.
What you need is a wheel.
A wheel? How will that help?
Wait and see.
I'll be right over.
[♪♪♪]
Hello, King Thistle.
Where's this hamster
of yours?
My hamster?
Here's Pippin.
[SQUEAKING]
[GRUNTS]
[GIGGLES]
Pippin likes you.
Oh, charmed, I'm sure.
Bring in the wheel.
Right-ho.
[♪♪♪]
Goodness.
Where is that going to go?
It's hideous.
[LAUGHS]
The things we do
for our pets,
eh, King Thistle?
It's not my pet.
Lower the wheel
into the hamster cage.
Hamster cage?
Are you talking
about my castle?
Put the wheel in the middle
of the hamster cage, Mr. Elf.
Pippin.
[SMOOCHING]
Here, Pippin.
[SQUEAKS]
BOTH:
Pippin like wheel.
Are you sure
the wheel is strong enough?
It'll be fine.
Hamsters don't run
very fast.
Ooh. You've got a fast hamster,
haven't you?
[CREAKING]
The wheel
is spinning too quickly.
She cannot take it, captain.
It's okay.
The wheel's too big
to go through the cage door.
My castle.
Oh, dear.
Pippin's escaped again.
The wheel's heading
for the Great Elf Tree.
We'll have
to warn the elves.
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello.
MR. ELF:
Hello, dear, it's me.
Um, do you know
what hamsters are?
Yes, dear, they're sweet,
little fluffy creatures.
Um, yes.
Well, don't panic,
but there's a hamster
coming your way
in an enormous wheel!
Oh.
ALL:
Aah!
It's heading back
to the Little Castle.
ALL:
Oh.
Oh, my goodness, Mr. Elf,
we were spared,
but the mighty wheel's
thundering back
from whence it came and--
Ahem.
There's good news and bad news.
What's the good news?
The wheel hit the Elf Tree,
but everyone is okay.
ALL:
Hooray!
What's the bad news?
The wheel
is coming back here!
ALL:
Aah!
[♪♪♪]
Everyone into the tower!
Run for your lives!
[♪♪♪]
ALL:
Aah!
I can't believe it.
Yes, King Thistle.
Wonderful, isn't it?
Your hamster is back home.
[SQUEAKING THEN YAWNS]
[SNORING]
Oh. Pippin's tired.
You see?
The wheel worked.
Now we know how much exercise
Pippin needs every day.
To the Elf Tree and back.
No. Pippin has to go.
BOTH:
Oh.
But Daisy and Poppy
love Pippin.
BOTH:
Pippin.
I don't want a pet
living in my castle.
I could magic Pippin
into a different kind of pet.
A pet that could live
outside the castle.
Okay, Nanny. Just do it.
[♪♪♪]
The elves have mended
the hamster cage.
I mean, the castle,
Your Majesty.
Splendid. Let's take a look.
What?
Nanny!
Yes, Your Majesty?
Why is there straw
in my courtyard?
Courtyard?
Oh,
you mean the feeding bowl.
What?
Yes, darling.
You asked for a pet that
could live outside the castle,
so we went back
to what we all wanted
in the first place.
A pony.
Ah!
[NEIGHS]
How lovely.
DAISY & POPPY:
Pippin pony.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
BOTH:
Giddy up, giddy up.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
[♪♪♪]